= memotoo-gem

<b>This is not an official gem from the provider of memotoo !!!</b>

The memotoo-gem is a soap(savon)-wrapper to (easy) access your {memotoo}[https://www.memotoo.com/index-saleshype.php] contacts.

Add, get, search, modify and delete your memotoo contacts, contact-groups and bookmarks.

== You need
you need a memotoo-credential (username/passwd) to use this gem 

<b>get a free account here: {www.memotoo.com}[https://www.memotoo.com/index-saleshype.php]</b>


==Install

if you use <b>bundler</b> add 
    gem 'memotoo'
to your Gemfile run
    bundle install
else put it in your <b>environment.rb</b> and run
    rake gems:install

==Use

give a first try in ./script/console

@connect=Memotoo.new("myusername","mypassword")

Changelog: (prev V 2.0 I wrapped it in a Module )
@connect=Memotoo::Connect.new("myusername","mypassword")

add a contact:

   @response = @connect.addContact({:title => "Mr",:lastname => "Wonder",:firstname => "Test"})
   
get a contact from id:

   @response = @connect.getContact(12345)
   
search for contacts:

   @response = @connect.searchContact({:search=>"ka"})
     
modify a contact:

    @response = @connect.modifyContact({:id=>"12345",:lastname=>"New",:jobtitle => "cat-doctor",:otherphone => "12345"})

get contact modified after a date

    @response = @connect.getContactSync("2011-01-01 10:00:00")
    
contactgroups:

    @connect.addContactGroup({:name=>"Testgroup"})
    
    @connect.searchContactGroup({:search=>"ka", :limit_nb=>50})
    
    @connect.getContactGroup(12345)
     
    @connect.getContactGroupSync("2010-02-23 10:00:00")
    
    @connect.deleteContactGroup(12345)

bookmarks:

    @connect.addBookmark({:name=>"Testgroup"})
    
    @connect.searchBookmark({:search=>"ka", :limit_nb=>50})
    
    @connect.getBookmark(12345)
    
    @connect.getBookmarkSync("2010-02-23 10:00:00")
    
    @connect.modifyBookmark({:id=>response[:id], :url=>"www.google.com", :description => "nice"})
    
    @connect.deleteBookmark(12345)


Requirements:

 for the objects:

Contact:: :lastname
ContactGroup:: :name
Bookmark:: :url
BookmarkFolder:: :name 
Note:: :description
CalendarCategory:: :name
Event:: :title, :dateBegin, :dateEnd
Holiday:: :description, :dateBegin, :dateEnd
Task:: :title

 for the methods:

searchmethod:: {search=>" "}, a hash
id:: id of record, integer
get...Sync:: datetime, format YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS - "2010-02-23 10:00:00"
modify:: id of record, integer
add and modify:: need always the object requirements 

 hint:
 
Holiday::
dateBegin::    "2011-01-01", Format: YYYY-MM-DD
dateEnd::    "2011-01-01", Format: YYYY-MM-DD

Task and Event::
dateBegin::    "2011-06-18T10:00:00", Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:II:SS - ISO8601 time format GMT
dateEnd::    "2011-06-18T10:00:00", Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:II:SS - ISO8601 time format GMT
 
==Testing

I added tests for all implemented functions. (rcov 100%)
You can add your own credential to /test/helper.rb

I also added support for {http://test.rubygems.org}[http://test.rubygems.org]

You can now use the gem rubygems-test for easy testing this gem.

    gem test memotoo

See my testresult here: http://test.rubygems.org/gems/memotoo/v/2.0.0/test_results/1663

my testresult for ruby 1.9.2 here:
http://test.rubygems.org/gems/memotoo/v/2.0.1/test_results/1681

(To make a fast functional test only contact will be tested - goto test_soapobjects.rb line 8 and uncomment for all soapobject-tests)

==Documentation

see rdoc

and memotoo api-documentation

https://www.memotoo.com/index.php?rub=api#SOAP-server.php

== Changelog V. 2.0.1

some code refactoring and support for ruby >=1.9.2

== Changelog V. 2.0.0

I create all methods now dynamically. This reduced the code dramatically.
I give up using a module to wrap the namespace. Now it's a class.

== Hint

Be careful with following methods due to a problem at memotoo's api:

searchBookmarkFolder:: (possible workaround: search for all -> " " and then go ahead)

getHoliday:: (possible workaround: search and use the result)
getHolidaySync (no workaround known)

All three methods seems not to be really important - just fyi

I will remove this hint when the soap-api is repaired. 

== Contributing to memotoo-gem
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Karsten Redmer. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

